chp 16:
Staff meeting: we see Bromden’s role in each staff meeting and a nudge again to how he’s reluctant to leave the fog. Insight into how everyone other than the Big Nurse is the same: just a cog in the machine. And any cog that tries to think differently from others is hated. We see Big Nurse’s thoughts about McMurphy, which are sadistic in a sense.
chp 17:
McMurphy’s plan moves forward. He’s still trying to break Ratched but we see Ratched has returned to her usual iced self. The patients are still rebelling with McMurphy against the TV ban by sitting in front of it during house duty time. Bromden marvels at how extraordinarily strong of a being McMurphy is for resisting the Combine. Bromden is also starting to get more in touch with reality – breaking out of the foggy stupor he’d been in for so many years. note: everytime he talks about his “papa” or his life before the ward it’s a metaphor for reality. DOG METAPHOR!! side character nurse scar metaphor: blaming the patients – Bromden is now fully behind McMurphy
chp 18:
Patients are rebelling more now, supporting McMurphy. Pool day – McMurphy talks to a lifeguard and his perspective completely changes. He becomes less of a rebel and more meek because he’s finally understanding the consequences his actions could have. A physical representation of that comes in Cheswick’s death – the main supporter of McMurphy and his rebellion who suicided because he wanted to resist but wasn’t strong enough to sustain it by himself.
chp 19:
Fredrickson another Cheswick. Sefelt becomes another example for McMurphy describing what happens when you don’t follow the rules. “Damned if you do and damned if you don’t”
chp 20:
fog has started again. Bromden is back to his previous quietly rule-following self after McMurphy’s fall from the rebel throne.
chp 21:
Harding’s wife is introduced. We see McMurphy’s composure breaking.
chp 22:
Patients are at EST. McMurphy opens up about why he’s stopped bugging Ratched, McMurphy also finds out that almost no one else in the Ward is Committed.
chp 23:
McMurphy is back to his normal self following a Staff+Patients Meeting, announcing it to the world by smashing the glass between the Nurse’s Station and the rest of the Ward – symbolic of his goal of equality.




After McMurphy’s rebellion starts gaining momentum with the other patients, Pool Day brings shocking information from a lifeguard that McMurphy could be held at the Ward indefinitely. This waters McMurphy’s spirit. A physical representation of the consequences of his actions comes in Cheswick’s suicide – the main supporter of McMurphy’s rebellion who wasn’t strong enough to sustain it independently. This sobers McMurphy and initiates a decline in his rebellious tendencies. More examples of these are Fredrickson and Sefelt who show McMurphy the dire consequences of not following the rules. The fog returns, symbolising Bromden’s mental passivity, mirroring McMurphy’s physical one. Harding’s wife gets introduced and we see McMurphy unravelling. During EST McMurphy gets another load of new information – most of the patients are at the Ward voluntarily. He bursts out, expressing his feelings of confusion and betrayal at the patients, claiming they’re using him. However, in Chapter 23, we see the aftermath of a tense meeting – McMurphy smashing the glass between the Nurses’ Station and the rest of the Ward – a powerful symbol of McMurphy actively reclaiming the rebellion.






shows the beginning of the persona bromden has embodied now and how it wasn’t all his doing, it was people that stopped listening to him that made him deaf.
The “sun turned up brighter” isn’t necessarily literal; it reflects a shift in perception, like a spotlight being cast on these three people. Here, he imagines their minds like machines trying to process his words — not emotionally or intuitively, but mechanically, rigidly, like robots trying to find a compartment to put the data in. relates to his current view of the “combine”. The people he's talking to are so mentally and emotionally institutionalized — so deep in the system’s programming — that when they hear something that doesn’t conform to their reality, they simply reject it.


Drinking isn’t giving him anything — it’s taking from him. It's draining his life, his spirit, his sense of self. The alcohol becomes parasitic.  He’s physically and spiritually deteriorated — to the point that not even dogs, known for their loyalty and memory, recognize him. The “yellow” may suggest jaundice (a liver issue from drinking). It’s not just a death of a person — it’s the death of a culture, a lineage, and a hope.


Bromden is questioning that maybe McMurphy just like the others, is blind to the actual workings of the Combine, that Bromden was able to see. this is interesting because Bromden’s original view of McMurphy was someone that doesn’t align with the Combine.


This highlights why McMurphy is considered the hero of the patients. He has found the emotional equilibrium between staying human and staying in an institution. he is aware of the suffering around him and yet he laughs, which shows that he is not naive or laughing just for the sake of it, but also not wallowing in the pain.








NURSE RATCHED
  



71.88%
  

  

  





HARDING


social anxiety disorder
  

VOLUNTARILY enrolled himself to the hospital, was maybe shamed by his wife because of his physique, flailing hands, tried to impersonate mcmurphy when he met him, portray himself “just as strong”
“Harding tries to drawl like McMurphy; it sounds funny with his high, breathy voice.”




BUT since he’s not afraid to talk to new people and portrays a facade, he may have
AvPD (Avoidant Personality Disorder)
  

Despite these fears, you nonetheless have a desire for friends and a romantic partner.
struggling with fears of rejection and criticism, and these fears result in withdrawal from social activities
Avoidant Personality Disorder (AVPD) is characterized by a lifelong pattern of extreme shyness, feelings of inadequacy, and hypersensitivity to rejection.




we can conclude: his anxiety is identity-based and shame driven, as he uses his engagement in social activities as a cover for his fears of rejection and criticism. TLDR; he’s not afraid to be around people, he’s afraid to be perceived by them. 


















transactional letter: should be written in first person to a second person
whole text: salutation, intro, body, conclusion, signature
focus: local businesses need to stop using plastics – provide the cons of plastic and a useable soln
effect: need to be passionate and concerned. use a lot of exclamation and please OR use sober and grave sentences with rhetoric questions




descriptive text: any person, need to include sensory language!!!
whole text: if story, beginning, middle and end
focus: imagine a secret place
effect: atmosphere (mysterious? too basic glowy? maybe) should be strong








Hi, we’re ShelfSync, and we’re here to solve a problem that we’re all facing. Forgetting what’s in our fridge.


Come on, we’ve all been there, a carton of milk left inside for too long, some takeout we just couldn’t finish gone moldy, and what do we do? We just throw it out! We waste food that we spent our precious time and money on like that. But what if there was a single solution for this common problem?


That’s where we come in. ShelfSync is a smart tracking system that combines simple sensors with an intuitive software so that you are always aware of what’s in your fridge. By simply scanning the barcode of your product and entering a few small details, ShelfSync shows you the contents of your fridge, their weights, descriptions and notifies you before they go bad. ShelfSync is just the beginning to living smart and sustainable.


What we’re showcasing for you today, is also just the beginning of ShelfSync. Now, we’ll show you a small demonstration of adding a product to your ShelfSync dashboard while going through each step.


buy product
scan barcode
enter product info
view fridge contents
receive notifications
easily delete products


But like we said, this is just the beginning. Our team is looking next towards location tracking on your shelves, potentially showing you where each item is located inside your fridge!